# agentiqs.ai documentation site

This is the documentation site for [agentiqs.ai](https://docs.agentiqs.ai), configured with CI in Netlify.

This website is built using [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/), a modern static website generator.

## Installation

```bash
yarn
```

## Local Development

```bash
yarn start
```

This command starts a local development server and opens up a browser window. Most changes are reflected live without having to restart the server.

## Build

```bash
yarn build
```

This command generates static content into the `build` directory and can be served using any static contents hosting service.

## Deployment

This site is deployed on Netlify and served at [https://docs.agentiqs.ai](https://docs.agentiqs.ai) from the `main` branch. Any commit pushed to the `main` branch will automatically trigger a redeploy.

## Automatic Content coming from `mcp-kit-python`
Our [CI in mcp-kit-python](https://github.com/agentiqs/mcp-kit-python/blob/main/.github/workflows/generate-docs.yml) runs:
* On every commit on a release branch.
* Manually triggered.

When running on a release branch it will generated the reference documentation for `mcp-kit-python` by extracting MD files from the Python docstrings. Additional documentation such as user guides and examples are also derived from there.

**Important:** the `mcp-kit-python/` directory in this repo contains the autogenerated and processed files as obtained from that repo. Files in that repo should **not** be edited here. The source of truth for those files is in the [docs/ directory in mcp-kit-python](https://github.com/agentiqs/mcp-kit-python/blob/main/docs).

## Multi-plugin Docusaurus
We use Docusaurus multi-plugin to future-proof our installation to host documentations for various libraries. We currently have these plugins:
* Docs plugin serving traffic for `mcp-kit-python`

## Versions
Each docs plugin can be configured to support versions. Our `mcp-kit-python` Docs plugin has versions turned **on**. 

Versions should not be manually created, they are automatically created on every release by our [CI in mcp-kit-python](https://github.com/agentiqs/mcp-kit-python/blob/main/.github/workflows/generate-docs.yml).

### Deleting a version
If a version becomes too old and we no longer want to host its docs, we can delete it by:
1. Deleting its directory within the `mcp-kit-python_versioned_docs`
2. Deleting its `sidebars.json` file within the `mcp-kit-python_versioned_sidebars`
3. Removing the line with its entry in `mcp-kit-python_versions.json`

## Redirects

The `static/_redirects` file configures URL redirects for the site when deployed on Netlify. 

Currently, we're using redirects to circumvent a missing Docusaurus feature. When using versioned docs, Docusaurus will serve each version under a properly namespaced `/mcp-kit-python/MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH/docs` URL. Unfortunately, Docusaurus will only served the latest tagged version in `mcp-kit-python/docs`, that is without the explicit version in the URL. This prevents us from permalinking the latest version docs in the release notes.

We use redirects to add a mapping from `mcp-kit-python/MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH/docs` content to `mcp-kit-python/docs` where `MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH` is the last version. Our [CI in mcp-kit-python](https://github.com/agentiqs/mcp-kit-python/blob/main/.github/workflows/generate-docs.yml) is configured to overwrite the `static/_redirects` file when a new version is tagged.
